Add note about limit indirectly impacting quality [AI-269] (#1412)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/data-structures/pages/vector-collections.adoc

|===

> NOTE: Larger `limit` makes it more likely to find better results which are not found with smaller `limit`. Even the truly closest neighbour may be found only with sufficiently large `limit`.
> This can be unexpected if you try to compare the search results with different `limit`: one is not guaranteed to be the subset of another.
> The precision, especially with smaller `limit` values can be fine-tuned using hints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Using a larger `limit` may yield better results than with a smaller `limit` — for example, the nearest neighbor may only be found with a sufficiently large `limit`. 
This can be unexpected if you are trying to compare search results that use a different `limit`, since one is not guaranteed to be a subset of another. 
For precision, especially with smaller `limit` values, use hints as a means of fine-tuning.
```
